Hi everyone.
My name is AnneMarie and today is
Wednesday, April the 8th.
And this is the Money Ball Morning
Report. News by TrendSpider. News. Not
new Well, yeah, they can give us some
news, but the news is by Benzinga.
Charts by TrendSpider, gamma flows by
Mentor Q. We're taking a look at the ES
after
the monstrous
move that is still holding. Here's what
it tells me. The fact that the market is
still moving after these edges
clearly tells me that the traders are
still trying to short the top of this
and price action is buying the dip. So,
let's let's take a look. First of all,
you know what we've been trying to do?
Get up above that 200.
Absolutely, that's what we did. We also
got above the 50.
This news just
destroyed
the shorts. The unwind dramatically fast
and that is what we are staring. Now, we
know that very fast moves do not build
profiles that are stable. And so, at
some juncture, we will retest some of
these things, but not sure when. What we
do know is on schedule, the market began
to rotate up and if you've been watching
me as at least for the last couple of
weeks, you know I said, "Hey, commodity
technical advisers have too much short.
They are going to start unwinding. It's
going to give us a bounce into
mid-April."
Here we come.
Maybe this goes into the third week of
April.
And then we've got ourselves another
little rotation. It could be that cooler
heads don't prevail and during this
ceasefire we get something else going on
and we rotate down, but this is the
storyboard and statistically
data are telling us that that's exactly
what we've got, rotation up.
Little bit of a fade. Um, and then we
start getting another decline into May.
So this is what we're seeing. All right,
let's collapse into our 30-minute and
see what we're looking at. The biggest
thing I noticed was the giant gap up. Of
course, there's our first 30
minutes of trading.
Obviously something new, something
everyone said, "Hey, it's this is going
to happen." The news started coming out
about 4:30 and then blah blah blah blah
blah. Right. Okay, so here we are
zooming up the rails. It starts breaking
out and look at where it comes to.
The last 30 minutes of the trading day.
Very important boxes, folks. Lot of data
analysis we've done.
So we know these boxes work and they
become more algorithmically strong when
they are reinforced time after time
after time and we are continuing to see
that. All right, let's do the analysis.
Where is the pivot? Well below us. Gamma
wall puts us in positive gamma flow.
Yesterday
uh was very choppy. As I said, "Hey
listen, when you see this, you know
you've got sideways days. So deep spikes
are buys
and big spikes are long. And remember I
said, 'Hey, listen, because I have this
upward flowing 200, I'm much more likely
to buy the dip than sell
uh the bounce.' So shorts got destroyed,
everything got unwound. Now we're at the
top of the range. People are trying
their very best to short this and
they're getting their necks stepped on.
Here's our 30-minute opening.
The high there is at
Mhm,
what is that? That's a prior pivot line
6736.
Look at where the call wall is for the
zero DTEs. 6724.
The big giant call call wall is uh
6800. That's up here. We're also over
it. Let's look for the 4:00 a.m. candle.
Very tight.
But positive.
We're above that 4:00 a.m. candle. It's
something that we want to watch for the
day.
Upside pressure, dips are buys. We're
above
the VWAP, we're above the 50, we're
above the 200, we're above the pivot.
Look at where momentum is.
Now.
The Woody's pivot, difference between
the Woody's pivot and the classic pivots
is that you know, Woody's gives us one
more leg. And the Woody's pivot, well,
that's not exactly true, but
one of the things is that Woody's gives
us another leg and that leg is 6840 is
the next run
into the space. We kissed it
by
three ticks.
Up and over and then that's it. All
right? And so that number
is the number to breach.
The question is
if things are this bullish
and
we've got all of this flow,
how dangerous is it
to simply
just buy?
Well, it's pretty dangerous in this
market.
Pretty dangerous. However,
you can use the floor of your
boxes to tell you whether you're sitting
in the right space or not. So, for right
now, if we take a look at it, we're
going to see that for the last
3 hours, we've been collecting inventory
here.
So, the break of that inventory will
lead us down
potentially into the VWAP
or out into new highs. And this 6889 is
the value area high on the daily chart
that we measured. So, you could do it as
simply as that. But, you can't simply
buy it and then watch it dribble down
and shred you. That's a very bad way to
work. Collapse into tighter time frames
and reestablish using the nearest pivot
that you can and your VWAP to help you.
My thought is
let it come back to the VWAP
and then take a decision. If you want to
trade counter trend, then you're going
to have to go to something very tight.
Maybe it's a 1-minute, maybe it's not,
but very tight and you use your 50 and
your 200 to help you.
What's going on with the 200 here? It's
holding a support. As I've told you many
times, all our data analysis says that
the 200 is the best
technical indicator that you can use on
any chart.
All right? Not me, data.
Okay. So, let's
uh rally upwards and see what we get if
we do a standard Fibonacci.
And say, "Hey, let's measure this
30-minute." What do we get? 6848.
Could we get to 7000 this week?
Potentially. Squeezes can be very
dramatic. Remember, the strongest
squeezes that a chart can ever
experience sits in bearish markets.
It just is what it is.
Let's look at the daily for the NQ.
What a wall up comes right through the
200 right into value area low into the
midpoint value area high very likely the
next test for this chart. It's already
through the point of control.
Or the POC.
The point of control 24,823
for this relative time frame.
So we're watching this move. It's into
the resistance zones.
Sharply into the resistance zones.
And that's giving us right on that edge
25,200
above the 200 that's upward sloping
above the 50 that's downward sloping.
This tells us we're going to see this
kind of behavior.
It's not going straight up.
If it does, it's going to pull back
down.
That's just what the chart is telling
us.
So we have to trust the data and that's
what we're going to do. Let's go to the
30-minute.
What do we see?
Uh
uh call wall
24,775
pivot
is all the way down here at 24,225.
Value area high 24,388.
I mean we're miles away from these
numbers.
Miles away.
But notice
here's our 330 candle.
Come on.
And we can see that the traders
come right into the box and hold it.
Looks very, very nice to me. Still tells
me algorithmic motion is in play.
There is our 6:00 candlestick.
Um
some of my students from the last
VIP call it the hive box, which I think
is very cute. But, we have the same sort
of things happening. Take a look.
One, two, three hours collecting
inventory in this sharply upward space.
What do you do?
If you want to go long,
I definitely would not be going short.
Why? What tells you that you have a
short here? Well, it's just gone up far
enough. Um
anybody remember the Volkswagen
incident?
Yeah.
Going up
can continue, especially
if the markets are in a bearish pattern,
which we are.
We have a massive unwind because the
shorts have been compelled
to buy.
What can you do? Draw yourself a trend
line.
Use that price action, or you collapse
to the one-minute, and you see what else
is going on there. 25,677
is the next value area event we want to
look at. Let's see what the Woodie's
pivot tells us here.
We've got another Woodie's pivot at
25,280.
25,000.
Oh, let's just
Let's borrow this one.
25,280
ish.
Okay?
So, we don't have two things right on
top of each other.
Chances are
the shorts are still fueling this rally
to the north.
At some juncture, they're going to have
uh
unwound their position, and then we'll
see what's going on there. Okay? So,
that being said,
that's our upside. VWAP 25,050.
And the put wall, excuse me, the call
wall 24,750,
40, excuse me.
The put wall, I mean. That's so far
away. Who knows? But, I doubt it. The
pivot
24,600.
Excuse me, 24,265.
All right? But, dips are clearly buys.
You can do the same thing. Hey, I want
to trade this.
Uh collapse to the one
and look at that 200. Hey, Maria, I hate
the one. Okay, use the five.
But, it's moving so fast
that in order to use the 200, which is
the most reliable one,
you have to collapse further down.
And you can see that it is porous.
They're not holding it hard. So, you
have to wait for the motion and then
have it confirmed. This is a breakaway.
This looks like it's breaking out.
Trend massively up and momentum on the
1-minute straight up. Do I want to take
a long out here?
That's not really my style. My style is
buying a pullback.
So, I'm going to wait for a pullback
that tells me I got a chance to go long.
Okay?
Am I going to go short here? No.
Why?
Because I've nothing in my favor except
for the fact that the 200 is way down
here.
And that the 50 is flat.
So, I don't have any I I have no
decision. I have no
decision except, "Oh, that's top. I'll
short that."
Um that works 50% of the time.
Okay.
Let's just take a quick look at the YM.
Let's go to the daily.
YM over the 400 over the 200 simple
moving average, testing the 50, coming
into a low volume node. This structure
is the structure that tells me that
we're getting close to a topping
formation. Now, here's the thing.
Everybody who took advantage of this and
is sitting on the right side of the
trade that jumped in law
intraday traders, they are going to want
to unwind to capture some of this
profit.
The first few minutes of the trading day
today are going to be dramatically
important. Let's go next to micro
Bitcoin.
Well, well.
All of that noise and Bitcoin
only getting to 71,000.
Uh maybe it got to 72.
72,800 ceiling. We're still in this
pocket. You buy the low, you can hold it
for a few days. You get to the put wall,
excuse me, the call wall, 73,600
or so,
and we're likely to fade it again.
Notice, downward sloping 50 on the
daily,
the floor of the put wall holding at 65.
Momentum flat.
Flat as a pancake. All right, let's take
a look. Same structural motion, the
breakout above. It does not retest
the last 30-minute candlestick. It just
continues. Notice the base of these
micro Bitcoin candles have no wicks.
So, they are buying the lows.
Being very aggressive here.
I find this to be very interesting.
Candlesticks in Bitcoin usually have
tails on They have wicks below them. We
have a series of
candlesticks with no wicks below.
Or far fewer wicks below. So, these guys
are coiling for some sort of decision
flow. Notice, it's a bimodal
distribution. But, value area high,
70,200.
Value area low,
68,000
even.
Thereabouts.
So, we'll stick with that one.
Let's do our locations. Where's the
pivot?
69,000.
Zero DTE put wall at 70,000.
Solid gamma lines at 71,180.
And a VWAP that's flat. What does a VWAP
being flat tell us?
Dips are buys. There's our 71,700.
Let's move it down.
Just a wee bit. So, we know where the
floor is. If it loses 71,004,
it's likely to shave off that amount.
But, it's moving sideways and could move
sideways for the whole day
until it connects with the 50.
Dips are buys in this formation. But,
the dips could be significant. So, what
do you want to watch?
The highest volume candle is a
2:00 a.m. candle here, and I
obviously something Asian.
I don't know what.
But, let's keep our eyeballs on it.
They've tried to break it once, and it's
under
um the VWAP now. So, if it breaks it
again, we could have a measured move
down.
The 4:00 a.m. candlestick
sits inside of this high volume
2:00 a.m. candlestick, so I'm going to
ignore it simply because that 2:00 a.m.
candlestick is the one running the show.
All right, let's go to oil.
Monster roll down. Let's look at the
daily.
Have a gander at this. Wow.
Okay, where's the 50%?
0 50
All right.
Ah, that is the 50% right there. Okay,
so let's draw a new Fibonacci.
Let's draw Fibonacci between swing high
and swing low.
That's still at about 100. So, chances
are
this starts coming into 84.
Just a hunch, but
this is my suspicion.
It's coming into 84.
So, what do we do here? Well, if you've
been long energy, you're going to have
yourself a pretty awful day.
Uh side note, I'm very long energy. So,
a bunch of my portfolios are going to
bleed blood red today, but whatever.
It happens. We just move on to the next
step. So, what do we do?
Collapse straight down. Yesterday's
pivot and today's pivot are almost
identical, $112.
Okay. That's the sideways motion of what
we had yesterday
in oil.
Then we gap down
and we've been sitting inside of this
7:00 p.m. candlestick all day.
So, let's recalibrate.
We're going to remove all the
annotations here and first things first,
we're going to draw ourselves a
Fibonacci on the largest volume candle.
And we're going to see the buy in large,
we are sitting inside
of the 50% retracement uh extension
off of that edge.
What's more important is that we look at
this second candle, which has less
volume, but
everything is sitting inside of it. So,
this is where they're building
inventory.
We know it. They're actually building
inventory
um
without the wick.
And this is the first time testing that
wick that
maybe we anticipate seeing a bounce. Put
wall
90. So, we're about $4 from it. My
suspicion is the bounce and fade should
bring us to this 84 level. We have an
old pivot
that might give us some flow at 85.25.
Watching that
tells us if we took a short,
let's say we're using the VWAP now cuz
it's the the that's closest and we say,
"Hey,
I took a short here.
Going to the bottom of the box is all
you've got."
Could it break down more? Yes. Do I
anticipate it breaking down more?
Potentially, yes. However,
the first place they're going to try and
stem the tide is right here at the base.
So, if you took a short off of the VWAP,
that's what you would do. You say, "Hey,
I don't know what to trade in here, but
I want to trade something."
Collapse into the tighter time frame
and stare down that 200 simple moving
average, and what does it tell you?
Well, it tells you that first, slope,
you know, it's kind of a lazy river to
the downside since the overnight,
since the first
Dow C, as it were,
but you're still shorting the tops.
That's going to be the same thing.
Bounce,
going to be short.
Would you wait for the 200? Yeah, I
would, actually. I sure would.
Or, I'd wait for it to reject my 50.
And that's what I would be staring down.
Let's take a look at gold.
So, the daily.
In between the 250, we talked about
this, so it's headed up to the top of
the box.
The dollar has really faded, but it's
sitting
at
front line support.
$98.60.
I expect oil Excuse me, I expect the
dollar to bounce off of this level
today.
If it bounces off to the level, it's
going to pull down every index,
and it's going to pull down gold.
Okay? So,
plus gold is sitting at the call wall
for zero DTE.
4850. Let's go to the 30-minute.
Let's calibrate.
What do we have?
Big shine big giant boxes. Uh let's
remove Oh, no.
Let's just remove
all the rectangles. Yes.
So, here we are heavy congestion. I
talked to you about sideways action
yesterday. Now, what are we looking at?
Mean reversion because we are under the
VWAP, but we have an upward 50, upward
200, and we're above the pivot. So,
these guys are looking for support that
they can buy.
I believe that's going to be generated
by the dollar.
We'll take a look at the uh EUR/USD in
just a quick second, but let's take a
look at the numbers.
Got a great big gamma wall here at 4775.
Would not be surprised that that's the
number we test.
Our pivot well below us at 4700. Anchor
VWAP and
Uh wow. Anchor VWAP, point of control,
gamma flow,
um the gamma wall that moves us between
positive and negative gamma, all sitting
at 4685,
essentially.
That
potentially could be quite the magnet.
I don't know if it does it today, but
we'll keep an eye on this and see how it
moves. That's a lot of price
compression, and it's breaking out. So,
a lot of people who do these measured
moves will go value area low, value area
high, Fibonacci retracement and
extension.
And here we are at the top of the box.
So, this line
really 4870
is this one that I'm staring down. I do
expect a fade into this area.
We rejected the VWAP, so now we're
hunting for support.
Downward flow, downward momentum, upward
trend, they're going to try and buy a
dip somewhere. And I think that number's
if the move is not savage. If the move
is savage, 4722.
Uh do I want to trade this anywhere in
between that?
Probably not. I'd like to see a test of
the 200 on the 30. That'll be my sweet
spot. Okay? All right. Let's take a look
at the spy.
Case of the zoomies.
Well over the call wall at 675. Let's
take a look at the daily, see what
happened.
Yeah.
This is gigantic.
The point of control on the daily is
682.
Easily, we could see 682, 683.
It's not not a problem at all.
Stalling out right here, right on top of
the VWAP.
Right? Right on top of the VWAP. And so
look at where our pivot is. It's at the
anchored VWAP of the prior day. That's
656.
We can't look at that and go, "Okay,
it's a dip buy."
All right. What What about that? So,
what we want to see is how are they
doing on the 4-hour formation?
And that's what we'll stared at. And you
can see they are
they broken out of it. So, that's
bullish.
Right? Dips are buys as long as the low
of Europe holds. If the low of Europe
does not hold, we're going to start
walking back some of this motion. All
right? So
uh be careful. At the point it begins to
walk back, if you're thinking to
yourself, "Hey, I want to go short."
You know, I would want a failed retest
of that 4-hour candle. Excuse me, that
4:00 a.m. candle. So, I'm looking for
the loss of the candle low, and then a
bounce that cannot recapture the 50%
line. And notice,
that's essentially where the support
floor is for this chart
inside of here. So, if it pulls back and
holds the 50% and bounces out again,
that, my friends, is long.
And it stays long until it comes in and
breaks that low. 9:30, lot to see. I
have no idea which way it's going to go,
but
it's going to be very interesting. And
if you are close to the edge of any of
your combines or your XF A's,
trade with paper today. Um and I mean,
use a practice account.
Going to be interesting. All right,
everybody, take care. I'll see you
tomorrow.